Dedham didn't-didn't doesn't doesn't
doesn't in it salsa shark we're gonna
need a bigger boat
throughout history they have been a part
of our American life men and women who
have made it their mission to serve
their fellow man they've worked hard
enough isn't it time they had their own
clerks job would be great if it wasn't
for the customers I don't bother them
and they don't bother me I can do
without the people in the video store
just that one was that guy was in that
movie that was out last year you should
hear the barrage of stupid questions I
get what do you mean there's no Isis you
mean I gotta drink this coffee hot you
feel a hell of a lot better if you just
rip into the occasional customer York
spark paid to do a job you can't just do
anything you want while you're working
what kind of convenience store do you
run here Miramax Films presents you
think anybody can see us down here why I
don't have section
can we clicks just because they serve
you doesn't mean they like you hey
people I love gatherings isn't it ironic
featuring new music by soul asylum
Corrosion of Conformity Bad Religion the
Jesus listen and music by Alice in
Chains
you